fix: fastpath v2 tuples not iterated correctly for intersection and exclusion (#2157)
openfga/openfga: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Labels of metrics that went past the `max` histogram bucket are now labelled "+Inf" instead of ">max". [#2146](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/2146)
- Prevent possible data races by waiting for in-flight cached iterator goroutines during server shutdown [#2145](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/2145)

> - Correct incorrect check result returned when system is configured with experimental flag enable-check-optimizations and model has intersection or exclusion. [#2157](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/2157)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Correct incorrect check result returned when using experimental flag `enable-check-optimizations` and model has intersection or exclusion within a TTU or Userset. [#2157](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/2157)
```
